Salesforce CPQ:

----------------------------------
: Products, Quotes, & Contracts  :
----------------------------------
Opportunity : Possible Deal

Select and Configure : Product and PriceBook
Products   : Holds Product Information.(name,code,description)
Price Book : Track Multiple Price For Product.(holds product with different prices)


Company sales duroflex materials in different cities so as per transportation,tax price will be differ from each other .
---------------------------
PRODUCT  |  PriceBook
---------------------------
DUR001 --- Banglore : 1000
		   Mumbai   : 1200
		   Hyderabad: 1100

DUR001 --- Banglore : 1000
		   Mumbai   : 1200
		   Hyderabad: 1100		 

------------
:  Quotes  : 
------------
Enable  Quotes Settings then Quote Template to control pdf view.

QuoteLineItems : Holds all product with salesprice and discount field where we can apply discount which gone reflect on Quote.
Add all product related to opportunity.
Only one quote can be sync at a time.
primary quote pushes the total quote amount into the Amount field on your opportunity.
The Products related list also updates with the products from your quote.

Salesforce Billing :
-----------------------
:Order,Invoice,Payment:
-----------------------
Order   : Booking
Invoice : Billing
Cutsomer owe you specific amount on specific date.
Payment : Cash


recurring business 		 : time, contract amendments, and proration
Cross-Team Collaboration : 


Salesforce CPQ generates the contract(What are our obligations and did we deliver on them in time?).
Its place where order generated which is a key to tracking booking and generating invoice.
	align billing date adding amendments at the middle of billing cycle.
	Temporarily change important billing dates
	Prevent an order from billing until it meets certain criteria. 

unified experience of Salesforce CPQ and Salesforce Billing?

Lead to Invoice : Finance and account handle by ERP,CPQ handle by Salesforce
launching new products, invoicing challenges with subscription, usage/metrics charges, and consumption/utility charges
Lead to Cash    : All in Salesforce
Salesforce Billing also supports invoicing and orchestrates collections

Tax Management

Whether or not a product should be taxed in the first place
What integration should be used (more on that below) Avalara and Vertex
Tax code(s)
GL rules to direct the record keeping process

Salesforce Mobile App Customization :

Quick actions
	QFB>Global Actions >
	Object > Actions>
	Note
Don’t remove a required field from the layout unless:

The field has a default value.
You specify a predefined field value for the action.
The field already contains data. For example, if the action updates a record, the user entered the required information when they initially created the record.

Compact layouts

object > compact layout > 
.up to 10 fields.
.textarearich,longtextarea can not be added

Mobile navigation

Salesforce Navigation > arrange items
he first item in the list becomes the mobile landing page for your users. Choose the first item wisely.

Section 1 :
Menu Items : any item above smartsearch

Section 2:
Recently viewed objects

Section3:
Items below smart search


Picklist Administration :

standard field can not be deleted and custom field can be deleted.

standard picklist :
Can't Use a Formula for a Default Value
Can't be a Dependent Picklist
Can't Be Restricted

New: Create a new value.
Reorder: Rearrange the existing values.
Replace: Replace an existing value. You can replace an existing value with a new value, one of the other values, or a blank value. If you replace an existing value with a blank value, existing records will not display the value anymore.
Printable View: See all of your values at once. This is a helpful view while you set up a dependent picklist.
Chart Colors: Customize the appearance of values on charts and reports.

Limitation :

Lead Status	100
Task Status	100
Case Status	100
Opportunity Stage	100
Task Priority	50
Case Priority	50

Custom single-select picklists can have:

Up to 1,000 values
Up to 255 characters per value
Custom multi-select picklists can have:

Up to 500 values
Up to 255 characters per value

You can make a custom picklist field into a restricted picklist only if the picklist has fewer than 1,000 values

QFB > Picklist Value Sets > 
Global picklist value sets are always restricted picklists : share data across org.
Can be easily change from single picklist to multiple picklist.

can define a default value for the global value set
IF($Profile.Name = "Fast Response Sales", "High", "")

External Services 

endpoint is simply what exposes the web services resources that External Services needs to interact with.



/*
Configurable Bundles in Salesforce CPQ
*/

Bundles : product in bundles.

static Bundles : These bundles always have some product together. no change allowed.
Configurable Bundle : Free hand to choose any product.
Nested Bundle : Bundle inside another bundle (recommended level 1 or 2).

https://developer.salesforce.com/promotions/orgs/cpqtrails/success
sumitdevcpq@agilesolution.com
CodersHeaven777
Astrat


Account > Edge Communication > Related List > Quote (Q-000000) >  Edit Lines > 

.Add Products. seacrh >  Select
.